Comp Prev
  HTML, CSS, JavaScript
  MERN
1st Company
  JQuery
  PHP
  Query Optimizations
      1. Whie Creating the Table
          1. Using Indexes for frequently using columns
          2. Doing Normalization (1NF, 2NF, 3NF)
          3. Query Performance measurement tools
          4. Leaveraging Cloud Database Specific Features
      2. During Updation of the Table
          1. Updating Data without for loop, Updating all the data at a time
      3. During Join - Mostly using Inner Join, Left Join, (Avoid using Outer Join, as it will create more duplicate)
      4. During Union - Use Union instead of Union All
      5. During Select - Instead of Select * use Select particular Columns
      6. At where
          1. Use Exists Instead of In Operator
          2. For Pagination use LIMIT, OFFSet
      7. During SubQueries - Name the Inner Subqueries come towards outside like that (Using with ___ as (Subquery), outer_Subquery)
      8. Stored Procedures - For repeated tasks making use of Stored Procedures
2nd Company
  DotNet CORE
DSA
  Data Structures
    1. Arrays, Strings
        1. Problems based on Single element
            Sortings - Selection, Insertion, Bubble, Merge, Quick
            Searchings - Linear Search, Binary Search, Ternary and so on searches
            Decreasing O(n) into even more Smaller
        2. Problems based on 2 elemts
            2-pointer Algorithm - Decreasing 2 for loops into single loop
        3. Problems based on multiple elements (Subarray, subsequences, ... and so on)
            2-pointers
            Sliding Window - fixedWindow, Longest window(ans), No.of Subarrays, Smallest Window
    2. Stacks and Queues
        ops - push, pop, top
        Monotonic Stack, Monotonic Queue
    3. Linked Lists
        Recursion, Stack, Duplicate Pointers, Slow and Fast Pointers, prev and next pointers
    4. Trees
        1 or 2 Nodes connected prev elements
        -> Linked List Extended version Trees
        1. Fundamental Trees - Normal tree(any no.of childrens), Binary Trees, Binary Search Trees
        2. Self Balancing Trees - AVL Tree, Red-Black Tree, 2-3 Tree
        3. Specialized Trees - Trie(Prefix Tree), Heap(Priority Queue)
    5. Graphs
        -> Came from the concept of any Node can be connected to any node
        BFS, DFS, Topological Sorting, Shortest Path Algos, Minimum Spanning trees(Disjoint Set Problems), 
        Other Algos(Tarjans(Bridges, Articulation Points), Kosaraju(Strongly Connected Components))
  Algorithms 
    1. Greedy Algo
    2. Recursion
    3. Dynamic programming
System Design
